Mr. Du is not good
Remember to knock when you enter my room in the future?
Sorry in time, Mr. Du
I didn't expect you to be in the office during the day
Say what's the matter
Mr. Du is now all denouncing online
Your negative news
Claim your unspoken female live streaming host
Now the company's stock has fallen across the board
It's all journalists outside who are here to denounce you
I can't handle this well, do I have to teach you?
But Mr. Du
Du Chen, I don't care where you are now
Go back to Du's house immediately
Du Shao, please explain
Is your unspoken female live streaming host true?
Hey, why do you want unspoken rules, Du Shao?
Rules on the road
Please explain
Those cabinets
Has the photo been sent to Xuangu Temple?
Be firm once the official photo is fake
Immediately contact the official to write about my luggage.
Answer him that the leader of the square is
Du Zhai, don't worry at all
Walker is fair
Du Chen, come and kneel down soon